let's
[Music]
go all
right no
problem head Bingo his
name i n
o i n o i
n
b you're so cute
Wonder was
a
bingo so
nice
[Music]
I oh my
gosh Superstar
you're so
cute
you
[Music]
B
Yoo
head what I'm
[Music]
Superstar okay
bye-bye Z and
Bing go
what Wonder from
day his
okay red fire
truck
[Music]
Yahoo Orange
boss
[Music]
woo
bye-bye
awesome it's so
nice green police
car it's so
[Music]
nice
Yahoo okay that is a Bingle what's his
name o b i o b i blue dump
truck
[Music]
y name of purple racing car so cute I
you thank
[Applause]
[Music]
you
sh it's so
nice
Okay let's
go yo
[Music]
and it's so
nice blue police car
yeah come
on oh yeah
[Music]
and round round and round round
and
go the
down
hooray yellow
[Music]
bulldozer they will s the BS go round
and round round and
[Music]
red fire
truck come
on
yeah
hoay
okay oh my
gosh go and round round and round round
and round there the go
green
ambulance
hooray will the bus go and and
[Music]
and orange school bus
3K do babyk do do do baby shark do do do
do do baby shark mommy shark do do do do
do mommy shark do do do do do mommy do
do do do do mommy shark orangey shk doo
dooo doo dooy shk doo doo do dooy shark
do do shark Grandma
shark Grand my
Shark Grand my
Shark Grand my Shark grandpa
shark grand
sharkk grand shark
spider
SPID
Spiderman
Spiderman Wonder Woman Wonder
Woman Wonder
Woman Wonder Woman hereo
Batman hero
Batman hero Batman hero Batman
super super
girl
hul
hul Hulk
[Music]
orange baby shark do do do do doo do
baby shark do do do do doo doo baby
shark doo dooo doo doo doo doo baby
shark mommy shark doo doo doo doo doo
dooy shark do do do doo doo do mommy
shark do do do do do do mommy shark
there is shark do do do doo doo daddy
shark do do do do do daddy shark do do
do do do do daddy shark Grand
shark Grand
shark Grand shark grandpa shark do do do
do do grandpa shark do do do do do
grandpa shark do do do do do Grandpa
[Music]
finger finger where are you here I am
here I am how do you do do finger do
finger what do you
do that's what I do finger finger where
are you I
am how do you do ball finger ball finger
what do you do keeping everyone safe
that's what I do AR finger arst finger
where are you hoay here I am here I am
how do you do arst finger aringer what
do you do drawing picture drawing
picture that's what I do teaching finger
teaching finger where are
you it's so
nice teaching fing teaching fing
[Music]
y finger finger
okay here I am here I am how do you do
finger finger what do you do making soup
making soup that's what I do finger
finger where are you here I am here am
Yoo ball finger ball finger what you do
keeping everyone safe that's what I do
artist finger artist finger where are
you here I am here I am how do you
do finger C finger what do you do green
making soup making soup that's what I do
purple
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
Yoo will go
and
and and
[Music]
blue
open through the town
[Music]
I like
it come
ons go
beep it's so nice through the
town people on the bus go up and down up
and down up and down there people on go
up and down red fire
[Music]
Tru
wipers
School green
garbage dump
truck purple water tank
[Music]
okay y
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah rain rain go away come again
another day
is oh my
God no
problem okay
rain rain go away come again another day
mom's gardening today rain rain go away
yes orange school boss
[Music]
hoay rain rain go away come again in
another day SE there wants to play rain
rain go away I like it
Yoo
[Music]
hooray green
garbage rain rain don't go
away woohoo
wooo
yes blue BL water thing
[Music]
hooray okay rain rain go away come again
another day is trying to repair rain
rain go
away yes
y
[Music]
okay purple police
car
rain away C again another
mom gardening today Rain Rain Go
Away
[Music]
bye-bye 1 2
3 Bingo his name o b i n g o b i n
[Music]
I let's go there was a for headed of
bingo o i n o i n o it's so nice I N
Bing
[Music]
there was a for headed
Bingle
anging
Yoo yesing
[Music]
z
z z
and
red I like it a former head is a bingo
what's his name
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
oh and Bingle what his
name
orange there was a former headed o Bingo
was his
name
green Bing
[Music]
[Applause]
purple
mon on the one fellow and B his head
mama goed doctor and the doctor said no
more monkeys jumping on the
[Music]
bat four little monkeys jumping on the B
one fell off and bumped
his mama called the doctor and the
doctor said no more monkeys jumping on
their
BS let's
[Music]
go three little monkeys jumping on the B
yes one fell off and bumped his head
okay mama called the doctor and the
doctor said no more monkeys jumping on
the B
[Applause]
Yoo two little monkeys jumping on the B
one fell off and bumped his head mama
called the doctor and the doctor said no
more monkeys jumping on the back
[Applause]
y
red one monkey jumping on the back one
fell off and bumped his head mama called
the doctor and the doctor said boot
those monkeys
right
purple bye-bye
Oh
No 1 2 3 4
[Music]
and
and and
round I through the
[Music]
okay red fire
[Applause]
[Music]
truck
the the driver on the bus goes move on
back move on back move on back the on
the bus go move on back all through the
[Music]
[Applause]
okay on their go up and down up and down
up and down there people on their bus up
and down all through the
town wiers go swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish swish swish their
wipers
[Music]
wonderful purple police
there signal Sun bus go blink blink
blink blink blink blink blink blink
blink there signal on bus go blinkink
blink all through the
town mommy
[Music]
on mommy on
bu let's go
[Music]
it's so
nice yellow dump truck
[Music]
I like
it blue monster
[Applause]
truck open and shut open and shut open
and shut the doors on the bus go open
and shut all through the
town driver on the bus go
back
[Music]
back okay there will some must go around
and round and
round and round and
[Music]
all
day go swish swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish swish the wipers on
The Bu go swish swish swish all
day do go open and shut open and shut
open and shut the doors on the bus go
open and shut
all day long their horn on the bus goes
beep beep beep beep beep it's so nice
beep beep the horn on the bus goes beep
beep beep all day long their lights on
their bus go bling bling bling bling
bling
blinging their lights on the bus go
bling bling bling all day long their
lights on their bus go bling bling
bling lights on the bus
go all day
long
babies
yellow baby bus go yeah
all day
[Music]
[Applause]
long Dr finger
dring I
like fing finger so
nice illing illness that's what I do
where are you here I am here I am how do
you do finger
finger keeping
everyone that's what I do finger AR
finger where are you here I am here I am
how do you do AR finger artist finger
what do you do drawing picture drawing
picture that that's what I do teaching
finger teaching finger where are
you here I am how do you do te finger
teaching finger do you do teaching KS
teaching KS
that's finger finger where are you here
I am here I am
you finger C finger what do you do
that's what I
do oh my
gosh Dr finger Dr finger where are you
here I am here I am how do you do Dr
finger Dr finger what do you do okay
trading illness trading illness that's
what I do is
fingering where are you here I am here I
am do you do finger finger what do you
do keeping
everyone that's what I do artist finger
artist finger where are you here I am
here I am how do you do artist finger
artist finger what do do drawing picture
drawing picture that's what I doing
finger teaching finger where are you
here I am here I am how do you do all
right teaching finger teaching finger
what do you do
teaching what
do finger where are you I am here I am
how do you do c finger finger what do
you do making soup making soup that's
what I do yay
y it's so
nice Dr finger Dr finger where are you
here I am here I am how do you do Dr
finger Dr finger what
[Music]
do here I am here I am
finger what do you
[Music]
Doone what I do
finging red fire truck heree
bulldozer green garbage
truck water
[Music]
T baby
shark baby shark
baby shark do do do do baby shark mommy
shark do do do do do mommy shark doo doo
doo mommy shark doo doo do doo dooo
mommy shark Dy shark doo doo do doo doo
dooy shark doo doo shark doo do doo doo
shark Grand
shark my
Shark my Shark Grandma shark
Granda Shar Granda shark Granda shark
Spiderman
Spiderman Wonder
Woman Wonder
Woman hero Batman do do do hero Batman
do do do hero Batman do doo do hero
Batman
[Music]
super hul Wonder
Woman Wonder Woman Wonder Woman Wonder
Woman hero
Batman hero
Batman hero Batman
hero Batman
super
Hulk
yeah Orange
[Music]
it's so
nice let's go a former headed Bingo name
b i n o tomato i n o b i n
o his
name lemon yeah
it's so nice there was a former head
Bingo was his name y i n o i n o y o
Bing
[Music]
like let's go there was a former head
Bingo was his name oh
y
ho
name
[Music]
yes your head is Bingle
SL I like
you let's
go his name
for head Bingo what his name
oh yes
oh so
nice Bing
name woohoo
woo okay there was a former headed Bingo
was his name oh purple police car red
garbage truck blue School Bus green
tractor yellow monster
[Music]
truck little kitty daddy finger daddy
finger where are you
here I am here I am how do you do daddy
finger daddy finger can you play
guitar yes I can yes I can I'm a
[Music]
superar Mommy finger Mommy finger where
are you here I am here I am how do you
do
finger Mommy finger play me my house yes
I can yes I can play
my
hooray R finger R finger where are you
here I am here I am how
do in
theer can you play
the yes I can yes I yeah that would be
so
[Music]
far sister finger sister finger where
are you here I am here I am how do
you sister finger sister finger can you
br me food yes I can yes I
can let's go
[Music]
baby finger baby finger where are you
here I am here I am how do you do baby
finger baby finger Play Still B yes I
can yes I can play together all bye-bye
[Music]